### Use OCI DevOps to build the app JAR

1. Mirror the GitHub repo `DevOps Project >> Code repositories >> Mirror repository`.

2. Each time you make a change to the GitHub repo, synchornize the changes in the OCI. `DevOps Project >> Code repositories >> github_graal-containers >> Synchronize now`.

3. Create a `Build pipeline`.

4. From `Build pipelines >> Parameters`, add a new parameter with the following details:
    ```
    Name: REGISTRY_NAME
    Default value: container-registry.oracle.com
    ```
    Click `+` to add.

5. From `Build pipelines`, add a `Stage >> Managed Build` to the build pipeline. Enter the following details:
    ```
    Stage name: Build the app JAR in the jdk-ee container

    Description: Build the app JAR in the GraalVM jdk-ee container

    Build spec file path: build_spec_step0.yaml
    ```
    For the `Primary code repository`, select the following values:
    ```
    Source: Connection type: OCI Code Repository
    
    From the list of repos, select the "github_graal-containers" repo.

    Select Branch: main

    Build source name: gvmee
    ```
    Leave all other values unchanged.

    **Note:** The `Build source name` is the name of the folder where the build service will check out the code from the repository.


6. Test the build pipeline by clicking the `Start manual run` button.

7. Add artifact. `<region-code>.ocir.io/<tenancy-namespace>/<repo-prefix>/jibber-jar-gvmee2130-jdk17:${BUILDRUN_HASH}`

8. Add a `Stage >> Deliver artifacts` after the Managed Build stage.

9. Go to OCIR and create an empty Private Repository named `<repo-prefix>/jibber-jar-gvmee2130-jdk17` in your compartment.

10. Test the build pipeline again by clicking the `Start manual run` button. The image should be pushed to the OCIR repo. 

11. To test the image on local, 
    - Mark the OCIR repo as public. 
    - Docker pull the new image (with the new tag) on local. 
    - Update the image tag in the docker-compose.yml file for the `jibber-jar-gvmee-jdk17` service. 
    - Run `docker-compose up --remove-orphans` to start the application on port 8080.
    - Run `docker ps -a` to check status of the running container.
    - Go to http://localhost:8080/jibber in a browser and you should see a nonsense verse.
    - Run `docker-compose stop` in another terminal window to start the application

[Back to Table of Contents](../README.md#table-of-contents)